hi everyone welcome back to my Channel
today we have bharatwaj here with us
who's recently been placed at ICICI
Lombard as a part of his campus
placements at vit so ICICI Lombard is
mainly an insurance uh based company or
the insurance side of the ICICI Bank and
he is here to share his interview
experience with us so before we talk to
him let's look at the eligibility
criteria
so students from all the branches were
were eligible with a cgpa of 6 or 60
percent in 10th and 12th and a 6.5 or 65
percent in the pursuing degree with no
standing areas now let's go ahead and
talk to bharatwaj and understand his
experience
firstly welcome to my channel and
congrats on your placement
okay thank you hi uh can you introduce
yourself to us first yeah sure
I am
not uh and yeah it's going great
actually okay that's great thanks for
introducing yourself you cannot tell us
about the placement process how many
rounds there and what they comprised of
so basically first round was all was an
online assessment round in that you had
it there were both the uh aptitude test
as well as coding yes okay depending
upon that they would shortlist you okay
after that you have two rounds one is
the interview one round and the second
one is the final round okay so
the first round and basically for me
what they asked was what they asked me
was regarding my projects okay but
actually it varies from person to person
because when I heard from some people
like other people were asked coding
plums and I was asked about my projects
from first person okay why
also is depending upon the person
because for me I was fortunate enough to
have someone who like gave me an option
to choose between uh what do you say
choose between uh attitude one or a
coding one okay the final round so I
gave an athlete one and I was also able
to give the answer someone given an
answer to him okay whereas there were
some people who who has only given
recording questions
some people
but I was fortunate enough to
happen right so that is what I had and
after some of two two weeks one or two
weeks I was I got the list where I was
okay okay so in the first round it was
like uh can you just tell us what kind
of questions or the level of coding in
aptitude
okay
thank you like if you see in pixel Geeks
and many uh mostly I practice in online
platforms like
there were many questions some some
questions were related to what was in
the net okay so if we just brush through
to whatever it is given the net that's
more than enough you don't need to focus
very hard if you know the concept it's
fine
attitude is just general after I don't
just if you still didn't see the normal
questions for instance uh board uh like
sports team Upstream right and all those
general questions were given okay okay
and about your second first interview
round about the projects they asked you
like very deeply or it was like how long
was it and
foreign
about my resume
objects okay which was related to iot so
that best thing is you have to know your
resume thoroughly that is one of the
most important things because you don't
know what questions
they can't just
have one thing in hand and all the
things I'll just leave it right if you
have it you should know everything
beforehand so they asked me one project
on my resume
to iot so I was I explained to them what
my role involvement was what the project
is okay and uh what is the final
development of my project and we they
were asking questions regarding it like
the some small question they didn't go
in depth so they were asking some small
Minor Details that could clarification
questions okay okay so that's what they
asked and yeah that's it for me okay and
then in the uh third round aptitude they
were uh they were giving you questions
and you had to solve them was it like
that yeah they gave me an aptitude
question like uh they gave me one
aptitude question okay so basically I
would say the final round is actually
for me in HR okay
okay so that was uh where they asked me
one aptitude question and I just had to
answer it like what my thought process
is right and all those that's what they
asked okay okay thank you so much for
sharing your experience and do you have
any suggestions for people who want to
get into good companies or
you ask for specific if you want uh so
we're fasting first don't stress out
when there can be tension just keep your
cold and be relaxed that's one of the
most important things you have to have
the other thing is know what you know
just do what you do if you don't know
still because there are so many
companies coming you can just keep as a
learning experience and move forward
that is one of the most important things
because I also have been rejected in
many companies right
there are many companies beforehand and
I didn't even get selected for interview
process there was something which has
will have a mental all but you just have
to keep your cool and just proceed
further because it has a learning
experience right just do some some
coding questions don't hurt but don't
Focus don't just focus on coding
questions yeah just so you can focus on
three elements the one and attitude
afterward questions the how you speak
also is very important as an interview
around speaking is important from the
final one is coding questions because if
you walk from a technical background you
need to know you need to have a
background of coding right
so all three speaking you can practice
and all the three actually you can get
from the negative service all three
resources right so that is not an issue
if you want to walk by and learn about
it so that many services even YouTube I
have used YouTube for many things so
that is what I had done for my
preparation and I
like okay okay that's great thanks again
for sharing your suggestions and for
your experience yeah thank you thank you
for having me
having me
please do like share and subscribe to my
channel thank you